README.md, before:

# README

Project title
_____________
Bookshelf-Rails Project
A content management system for adding and reviewing books.
_____________
Motivation
_____________
The goal of this project was to complete the requirements for the Flatiron school rails portfolio project. It's functions is to allow users to have a working 'bookshelf' of titles they have read and allow users to review them.
_____________

_____________
*Ominiauth
*Bcrypt
*Sqlite
_____________

What makes your project stand out?


Installation
Provide step by step series of examples and explanations about how to get a development env running.

API Reference
Depending on the size of the project, if it is small and simple enough the reference docs can be added to the README. For medium size to larger projects it is important to at least provide a link to where the API reference docs live.


How to use?
If people like your project they’ll want to learn how they can use it. To do so include step by step guide to use your project.

Contribute
Let people know how they can contribute into your project. A contributing guideline will be a big plus.

Credits

Commit message:

fixed issues with edit action

README.md, after:

# README

Project title
_____________
Bookshelf-Rails Project
A content management system for adding and reviewing books.
_____________
Motivation
_____________
The goal of this project was to complete the requirements for the Flatiron school rails portfolio project. It's functions is to allow users to have a working 'bookshelf' of titles they have read and allow users to review them.
_____________

_____________
*Ominiauth
*Bcrypt
*Sqlite
_____________

What makes your project stand out?
It provides a functional user shelf app with plans to scale to allow a google api to search books.
_____________
Installation
Aside from the standard running of bundle and migrations there is little other set up requirements.
_____________


How to use?
_____________
After booting up either a local server or hosting it, it should be good to go out of the box.
_____________

Contribute
_____________
Feel free to intergrate an api if desired or make css changes.
____________
Credits
_____________
Flatiron School and my cohort lead Jenn Hansen for  the knowledge and skills to make this a reality.
_____________
